[Music]
top 10 greatest magic tricks finally
revealed
the skill of a magician lies in their
ability to keep you frozen in
anticipation of their next unbelievable
trick it often seems that magicians are
capable of doing things which defy all
known laws of the universe do you know
how to bend a spoon or how to fly
without wings let's have a look at the
most famous trick that have amazed
people over the years from a new
scientific angle they are not all that
they seem secret number 10 pulling a
rabbit out of a hat any value I'm here
to perform this trick you'll need a
rabbit a table cloth covered table a
piece of cloth and a top hat take a
square piece of thick black cloth and
tie all of its four corners together
loosely place a rabbit inside this
improvised sack hang the sack on a hook
located on the side of the table that
will be facing you during the
performance arrange the tablecloth in
such a way as to prevent the audience
from seeing the sack in the beginning
show the top hat to your audience to
demonstrate that there's nothing inside
next put the hat on the table with the
Hat opening facing the table surface
using inconspicuous movements lift the
hat quickly by the brim and put the sack
underneath a half now make some
movements showing that you're conjuring
something up remove the Hat from the
table and reveal the rabbit to the
audience
secret number nine the torn banknote I'm
talking about this some time ago people
wondered how David Copperfield managed
to seemingly tarot folded dollar in half
right in front of people then he managed
to unfold it to reveal that it had been
completely undamaged the secret here is
making cunning use of a pencil the
latter has been cut in half diagonally
and connected with strong magnets this
allows the banknote to be easily passed
between the two magnetized halves and
remain undamaged have you ever heard
about this secret before secret number
eight a zig zag lady this incredible
trick makes use of several 14 inches
high boxes and 1/8 inches high mobile
platform as the female assistant enters
the bottom box she stands on top of a
concealed spring operated hatch the
hatch opens down into an empty
compartment locked inside the mobile
platform as the illusionist shuts all of
the boxes openings the girl slips down
through the hatch and sits cross-legged
inside the platform's inner compartment
each of the upper three boxes features
two openings one real and one false when
the boxes are stacked on top of each
other
the real openings form a human-sized
door used by the assistant to enter the
structure
on the other hand the false openings are
designed to reveal niches only about two
inches deep located inside each of those
niches are mannequin parts which
correspond to various parts of the real
girl's torso and sport the segments of
the same outfit
the real assistant is wearing as the
performance commences the illusionist
takes down each of the upper three boxes
in turn and shuffles them around this is
done to confuse the audience when the
illusionist finally proceeds to open the
boxes the audience sees a mix up version
of the assistants torso of course we're
talking about small mannequin parts
located inside false openings secret
number seven the disappearing cup
[Music]
a glass of water is placed on the table
which is covered with a handkerchief
then the magician lifts it up and throws
it into the air as a result the
handkerchief falls in the floor and the
glass disappears the trick here is
twofold firstly there's a wire ring sewn
into the handkerchief which creates the
illusion that the glass is underneath
the handkerchief secondly the glass is
then lowered into a secret pouch through
a hole in the table secret number six
another human zigzag the success of this
trick to a great extent depends on the
abilities of the magician's assistant
his main task is to be able to maintain
her feet and hands in a position similar
to that of an ordinary upright human
posture inside a tiny and oddly shaped
box
[Music]
secret number five Michael Jackson's
anti-gravity lean remember that
gravity-defying lean which Michael
Jackson and his dancers performed in the
video to the song smooth criminal'
it looked incredible as Michael kept his
entire body straight while bending his
ankles at an acute 45-degree angle
the secret here is the specially
designed shoes he used which had a heel
that locked in two pegs on the floor
with his feet hooked to the ground
Michael was able to perform that
impossible physical manoeuvre secret
number four sawing a person in half
[Music]
we've all seen that trick right we
usually watch it with bated breath while
the magician is sawing a woman in half
well it's a lot less shocking when you
know that there are two assistants
inside the magician's box no magic
allows secret number three making small
fries from your fingers
[Music]
all the magician means for this trick is
a matchbox take a matchbox and cut out
one of its striker sides separate the
actual flammable surface from the
cardboard lining fold the resulting
strip into and light it up let the strip
burn then discard it and collect the
residue produced by the burning this
white phosphorus residue is what you'll
need to perform the trick
slowly rub it into your thumb and index
fingers now all you need to do is rub
your fingers together to make them smoke
[Music]
secret number two bending a spoon
to successfully perform this trick you
first need to hide a small silver coin
in the palm of your hand when you're
ready to bend the spoon hold the coin in
such a way that only the tip of it is
visible place the coin on top of the
spoons handle so that it will look as
though you are simply holding the spoon
press the oval end of the spoon against
table and try to make an impression of
putting a lot of effort into bending the
spoon as you're doing this let the
handle drop from the back of your hand
as the tip of the coin will still be
showing it will look like the spoon is
starting to that secret number one
levitation
Wingardium Leviosa
stop stop stop the secret of this trick
which is highly popular among street
magicians is in the cleverly hidden
support that's why the magicians who
perform it stand in the way which
perfectly conceals the end of their
staff or rod the latter simply has an
extended support passing through their
clothes sometimes magicians even make
another person levitate at the start of
this trick the magician's assistant
usually a girl wearing a long dress lies
down on a table she makes sure that the
folds of her dress fall right down to
the floor concealing the space directly
beneath the table then the illusionist
proceeds to make her levitate above the
table for the trip to be successful the
audience must be made to believe that
the girl is being held in the air by
magic in reality the effect is achieved
due to a lifting mechanism to add
excitement the illusionist takes a hoop
and passes it over the assistants body
there's nothing extraordinary about the
hoop it doesn't have gaps or anything
the only requirement is that the hoop
must be large enough to be repeatedly
passed over the girl without touching
the lifting mechanism throughout the
performance the magician must be careful
to stand in such a way as to conceal the
rod that is holding the assistant up
above the table
[Music]
which magic tricks are your favorite do
you know any tricks that no one has
revealed yet share them in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video share it with others and
click Subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life